[DOCU-2259] Key auth encrypted plugin example fix (#4563)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/key-auth-enc/_index.md

---
name: Key Authentication - Encrypted
publisher: Kong Inc.
desc: Add key authentication to your services
description: |
  Add key authentication (also sometimes referred to as an _API key_) to a service
  or a route. Consumers then add their key either in a query string parameter or a
  header to authenticate their requests. This plugin is functionally identical to the
  open source [Key Authentication](/hub/kong-inc/key-auth/) plugin, with the
  exception that API keys are stored in an encrypted format within the API gateway datastore.

  {:.note}

>   > **Note**: Before configuring this plugin, Kong's encryption keyring must be enabled. See the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note**: Before configuring this plugin, you must enable Kong Gateway's encryption keyring. See the
```

parameter                       | description
---                             | ---
`username`<br>*semi-optional*   | The username of the consumer. Either this field or `custom_id` must be specified.
`custom_id`<br>*semi-optional*  | A custom identifier used to map the consumer to another database. Either this field or `username` must be specified.

If you are also using the [ACL](/hub/kong-inc/acl/) plugin and allow lists with this
service, you must add the new consumer to the allowed group. See
[ACL: Associating Consumers][acl-associating] for details.

### Create a key

{:.note}
> **Note:** We recommend letting Kong auto-generate the key.
Only specify it yourself if you are migrating an existing system to Kong.
You must re-use your keys to make the migration to Kong transparent to your consumers.

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab With a database %}

Provision new credentials by making the following HTTP request:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/consumers/{consumer}/key-auth-enc
```

Response:

```json
HTTP/1.1 201 Created

{

>     "consumer": { "id": "876bf719-8f18-4ce5-cc9f-5b5af6c36007" },

Author: Yep, that's right. Nice catch.
